0 | You, an SDSU student, are about to leave for your CS210 class today, but a sudden change of heart comes to your mind. Do you go to class(1) or go on an adventure with your friend(2)? | 1 | 2

1 | You decide to go to class. It was fun - you learned about hash maps and now you just want to go rest in your room; but you still feel this urge to go on your adventure. Do you go to your room(3) or join your friend on his adventure(4)? | 3 | 4
2 | You and your friend embark on your journey, leave SDSU, and go to the unexplored desert next to one of those freeways no one cares about. There, you find a cave. You are very curious about what awaits you inside, but you are also scared to go in. So you enter the cave(5)? or do you return to your room and call it a day(3)? | 5 | 3

3 | When you go back to your room, you study for a couple of hours and finish your assignments. You feel ready to go to sleep, but suddenly you hear a storm outside. Do you ignore it and go to sleep(7) or go outside to check what is happening(8)? | 7 | 8
4 | You go to the location sent by your friend and find a cave there. The friend is already inside waiting for you. Do you go inside the cave(9)? or do you wait outside(10)? | 9 | 10
5 | You and your friend enter the cave. In the cave you encounter a genie, behind the genie you see a treasure. The genie starts talking to you: "As the first to arrive to my abode, I will bestow upon you a choice - a very important choice". Do you listen to the genie(11)? or do you ignore him and go for the treasure(12)?| 11 | 12

7 | You wake up in the middle of the night from the sound of lightning, but it doesn't sound like any regular lightning - you feel as something ominous is happening outside. Do you go outside to see what is happening(15)? or do you still go back to sleep(16)? | 15 | 16
8 | When you look outside, you see a calamity never seen before. You see a huge storm of fire and lightning covered by a red sky. You want to escape but you are not sure you'll make it in time. Do you take your car and drive away(17) or try to hide in your room(16)? | 17 | 16
9 | You go inside the cave and find a genie. He seems to be severely bleeding, as your friend proudly explains he stabbed him (wrong choice of friends? maybe?). You notice the genie is pointing towards some sort of potion on the counter. Do you bring the potion to him(25)? or do you let him die(26)? | 25 | 26
10 | You just wait outside... do nothing... Your friend text you in the meantime about some genie he stabbed that is now bleeding to death. Are you sure thats what you want to do? wait outside? are you like... a boring person? (26 to enter the cave, 27 to still wait outside) | 26 | 27
11 | The genie explains: "You are living inside a story; a story of multiple paths. Each version of you is experiencing a different reality, and I have prophesied that some of those realities are about to experience a calamity of unknown origin. Using my power I am able to save one person across realities from this approaching calamity, but only one person, due to my limited abilities. I want you two to decide who I should save". What do you do? Do you say you want to be saved(23)? Do you offer this precious opportunity to your friend instead(24)? | 23 | 24
12 | Which you go to collect the treasure, your friend decides to stab the genie with his knife. The genie says while bleeding: "I could have protected you... I can still protect you if you use bring me the healing potion over there". You are intrigued by the genie's offer; what does it mean that he can protect me?. Do you choose to heal him(25)? Or do you choose to let him die(26)? | 25 | 26

15 | When you look outside, you see a calamity never seen before. You see a huge storm of fire and lightning covered by a red sky. In a head of the moment decision you decide to take your car and try to escape, but you left too late - the storm catches up to you before you manage to escape. You die. But somehow your house survived the storm, as if something... or someone... was protecting it. Maybe leaving was the wrong decision after all | -1 | -1
16 | You stay in the room for the night. When you wake up and go outside you find out that most of the city has been destroyed, but by miracle your house survived the storm, as if something... or someone... was protecting it. After your shock passes you go about your day. Maybe some other version of you would know more about this mysterious calamity... | -1 | -1
17 | You take your car and drive away just in time. You hear in the news that most of your city is now destroyed, but when you come back and see your house, it seems untouched, as if something... or someone... was protecting it | -1 | -1
23 | Both you and your friend says you want to be chosen. The genie didn't like your selfishness and so turn you both down. Out of anger, you stab and kill the genie, which causes a firestorm to emerge, beneath a red sky of lightning. The world seems to be ending and you are engulfed with flames. You die. | -1 | -1
24 | you offer the opportunity to your friend, while he demands it from the genie. The genie appreciates your selflessness, and decides to help you out instead. The genie starts casting his spell. After the spell is complete, nothing really happens. You go about your day, having no idea whether the spell worked or not. | -1 | -1
25 | You give a healing potion to the genie. After the genie feels better, he starts by detaining your friend and explains: "You are living inside a story; a story of multiple paths. Each version of you is experiencing a different reality, and I have prophesied that some of those realities are about to experience a calamity of unknown origin. Using my power I am able to save one person across realities from this approaching calamity. As a reward for healing me I choose to save you. You agree and the genie starts casting his spell. In the meantime you think to yourself: "good thing I was here to save him. Who knows what would have happened if the genie were to die". After the spell is complete, nothing really happens. You go about your day, having no idea whether the spell worked or not. | -1 | -1
26 | The genie of the cave takes his final breath. The moment he dies, the sky turns red, and lightning and fire start erupting. You immediately regret your decision - understanding the full weight of what you have done, but there is no turning back - a lightning strikes you and you die. | -1 | -1
27 | Ok I guess... suit yourself. You quietly stand outside, and suddenly the sky turns red, and lightning and fire start erupting. A lightning strikes you and you die, but I think you deserved it for being so boring :/ | -1 | -1




